## Highlights
### coCircom: Collaborative Circom
coCircom is a tool for building coSNARKs, a new technology that enables multiple distrusting parties to collaboratively compute a zero-knowledge proof (ZKP). It leverages the existing domain-specific language circom to define arithmetic circuits. With coCircom, all existing circom circuits can be promoted to coSNARKs without any modification to the original circuit. Additionally, coCircom is fully compatible with the Groth16 backend of snarkjs, the native proofing system for circom. Proofs built with coCircom can be verified using snarkjs, and vice versa.
- <https://docs.taceo.io/>
- <https://github.com/TaceoLabs/collaborative-circom>

## Updates

## Papers
### Dot-Product Proofs and Their Applications
A dot-product proof (DPP) is a simple probabilistic proof system in which the input statement $\mathbf{x}$ and the proof $\pi$ are vectors over a finite field $\mathbb{F}$, and the proof is verified by making a single dot-product query $\langle\mathbf{q},(\mathbf{x} \| \boldsymbol{\pi})\rangle$ jointly to $\mathbf{x}$ and $\pi$. A DPP can be viewed as a 1-query fully linear PCP. We study the feasibility and efficiency of DPPs.
- <https://eprint.iacr.org/2024/1138>

### On cycles of pairing-friendly abelian varieties
One of the most promising avenues for realising scalable proof systems relies on the existence of 2-cycles of pairing-friendly elliptic curves. In this paper, the authors generalise the notion of cycles of pairing-friendly elliptic curves to study cycles of pairing-friendly abelian varieties, with a view towards realising more efficient pairing based SNARKs.
- <https://eprint.iacr.org/2024/869.pdf>
