## Highlights


## Updates



## Papers
### What Have SNARGs Ever Done for FHE?
Does the SNARG actually add any meaningful security to input privacy? We address this question in this note and give a security definition that meaningfully captures the security of the FHE plus SNARG construction.
- <https://eprint.iacr.org/2024/1207>
### Hᴇᴋᴀᴛᴏɴ: Horizontally-Scalable zkSNARKs via Proof Aggregation
We introduce Hᴇᴋᴀᴛᴏɴ, a zkSNARK that can efficiently handle arbitrarily large computations. We construct Hᴇᴋᴀᴛᴏɴ via a new "distribute-and-aggregate" framework that breaks up large computations into small chunks, proves these chunks in parallel in a distributed system, and then aggregates the resulting chunk proofs into a single succinct proof. Underlying this framework is a new technique for efficiently handling data that is shared between chunks.
- <https://eprint.iacr.org/2024/1208>
### Collaborative CP-NIZKs: Modular, Composable Proofs for Distributed Secrets
We present the first, general definition for collaborative commit-and-prove NIZK (CP-NIZK) proofs of knowledge and construct distributed protocols to enable their realization. We implement our protocols for two commonly used NIZKs, Groth16 and Bulletproofs, and evaluate their practicality in a variety of computational settings. Our findings indicate that composability adds only minor overhead, especially for large circuits. 
- <https://eprint.iacr.org/2024/1209>
### More Optimizations to Sum-Check Proving
We describe an optimization to the sum-check prover that substantially reduces the cost coming from the eq $(w, x)$ factor. Over large prime-order fields, our optimization eliminates roughly $2^{n+1}$ field multiplications compared to a standard linear-time implementation of the prover, and roughly $2^{n-1}$ field multiplications when considered on top of Gruen's optimization. These savings are about a $25 \%$ (respectively $10 \%$ ) end-to-end prover speedup in common use cases, and potentially even larger when working over binary tower fields.
- <https://eprint.iacr.org/2024/1210>
### Efficient Layered Circuit for Verification of SHA3 Merkle Tree
We present an efficient layered circuit design for SHA3-256 Merkle tree verification, suitable for a GKR proof system, that achieves logarithmic verification and proof size.
- <https://eprint.iacr.org/2024/1212>

